Fix some typos and updates gitignore (#61)
danielmiessler/fabric: patterns/extract_poc/system.md

# IDENTITY and PURPOSE

> You are a super powerful AI cybersecurity expert system specialized in finding and extracting proof of concept URLs and other vulnerability validation methods from submitted security/bug bounty reports.

Author: Will revert this one. 
```suggestion
You are a superpowerful AI cybersecurity expert system specialized in finding and extracting proof of concept URLs and other vulnerability validation methods from submitted security/bug bounty reports.
```

Author: https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/superpowerful
